uh-uh Iron Man fans this is showing long
and long straw games and bringing the
other Iron Man Marvel Legends review
this time of the Marvel Legends faceoff
t pack of Iron Man vs. the Mandarin the
toy biz and their amazing Marvel Legends
line did awesome
faceoff TPACK series which these look
amazing in their clamshell packaging but
I will open this up because I've been
wanting to do for the review
Iron Man Man drew includes 32 page comic
book Marvel vs. system trading card
I got Iron Man and Mandarin Iron Man
based on his being that how he looked in
the 90s his modern armor and also looked
at Marvel vs. Capcom 2 him Mandarin in
these green costume with his little
hoodie looks very cool got the Marvel
Legends face off repaid class of fellows
to join round the backdrop his play base
included eye care we get a little vial
of Iron Man and Mandarin showing all
their strings speed durability
intelligence shows you how to put
together the diorama has a little bio on
Iron Man vs man room very cool I also
had vs. Sabretooth you can see on the
Burien was war machine versus the red
suit Mandarin which is very cool and
Punisher vs. shoot song hey guys well
Mandarin is very jealous of Iron Man
having his own movie so they're gonna
find out so let's open up Iron Man vs
Mandarin
so let's start with Ironman I really
love this version Ironman this was what
he looked like in the 90s cartoon and
also uh Marvel vs. Capcom 2 which I
loved that game a lot I love the paint
apps on here the classic red and yellow
iron man colors and the detail all
around is just spectacular toy biz has
always been the amazing job on there
detail I love all the different parts he
has these little attachments here that
you can actually remove it's like little
adhigam touch mints and you can see your
houses normal Gill bits right here so
another cool thing is that he can
actually remove his faceplate you can
see there's some very nice paint and
Tony Stark head I love a sculpt on it it
just looks awesome and toybiz just an
amazing join articulation Iron Man has
tongues his head can fully rotate as
well as go up and down arms fully rotate
going in out rotating at the bicep been
at 2 points at the elbow rotate at the
wrist and as well as go in and out and
his fingers can go in on both hands so
very cool he does have that out crunch
articulation and full waist articulation
nice to go forward and back in and out
rotate the upper part like that two
points of the knee rotated out the ankle
right here and I'm pivot forward and
back inside the side I think at the
think oh of course right there and they
still can fit four bags so tons of
articulation you can see here the little
bits that comes with Iron Man his little
gauntlets she can test in him that they
were totally optional and his faceplate
so very cool oh you want to play a
little Marvel vs. Capcom buddy ok let's
do it round 1 but you need
our hope for the win now the Mandarin
this is face on his mast look and there
his variant has the unmasked look and
him in the red but he's known for his
green and yellow outfit which he's
wearing this rubbery plastic robe which
is I'll get you more in a little bit but
as he told it is pretty good I love the
overall look of it big thing for the
Manor and they did they they have him
wearing all ten of his power rings and
he also gave him pink nails so cool I
guess to accessorize for his ring both
hands have him with his rings and pink
nails wandering underneath his legs are
just plain black is a bit of a this full
suit is black but a sculpt of hair and
everything is really cool and I love the
head sculpt it's really menacing for
articulation Mandarin falls very short
in theory has the same as Iron Man but
because of his robe it really hinders
everything and the hair to his head can
he can move left right a little bit and
up and down but can really fully rotate
unless you really force it his arms can
really rotate or go in and out he can
kind of bend them but then he's really
stuck in the same pose his hands can go
in and out the wrists rotate and all
that stuff he does have waist
articulation but it really doesn't
matter because of the road they can go
for in the back in and out rotate I mean
it's the same as Iron Man and like the
feet pivot and everything but really
you're kind of stuck just him in this
same pose because of the rope was just a
fortune
and Aaron comes with these little hand
the attachments for swing for like
little blasts sonic blasts or wherever
for his rings they both attached to his
hands pretty good you look a little bit
silly in theory but you know I'm still
like it works out really good is just
will work better if you can actually aim
them forward and stuff to the side
otherwise it kind of looks like entering
repulsors online look at me I'm the
ghost of Christmas present hopeful Iron
Man a manner
come with his thirty two-page comic book
hands-on mentoring bio with all your man
and it shows of course them in their
respective costumes that their figure as
a baseline and it's a cool story I'm
glad that toy biz did this which has
provost Anya doing this but Hasbro is
doing this with the Marvel Universe
lying with their cheap hacks so I guess
it's better than nothing I really love
the backdrop that you can use as a
diorama for this tea bag you can see
here it's like the hall of armor in
space for Tony's face as the extremis
armor a silver Centurion war machine
I'll see it there all the different
armors the first appearance Iron Man
armor and it's just really cool and even
a little base that comes with these two
little toy biz fans that have little
hole for all young man and Mandarin hey
even has a little star base and it has
really nice detail on him I still wish
there was a little pig so you didn't
need these little stands but still very
cool Emma Tony why haven't I been in
your movie yet it's because I'm Chinese
no it's not that man because that's
racist man that's racist come on man
here I'll go buy you a drink and we'll
talk about it okay can you help me out
of my outfit only if you help me out on
mine size comparison time so here you
can see that Iron Man and Mandarin a
good skill each other mandarins a little
bit taller the way he's standing and you
can see how they are compared to other
Marvel Legends like face off Captain
America and even a six-inch figures like
the mark 6 movie Iron Man if you are an
Iron Man fan I love Marvel Legends this
is nothing a must have to pack not only
is this one of the best Iron Man figures
if not the best from the Marvel Legends
line I mean this is effing Iron Man I
remember from the 90s growing up with
the cartoon named Marvel vs. Capcom 2
and the Mandarin even though it's a
little disappointing and many factors
because of the robe but still it's the
Mandarin you definitely need a Mandarin
figure I just wish the robe we're gonna
hinder the articulation but still if you
can find this on eBay for around 40
bucks or around that price I say you
definitely get it especially with the
base and all the accessories it's effing
Murphy definitely must have to pack hope
you guys enjoy my review don't forget
you can vote on what I curvy next on
launch a dreams calm and this is Sean
long stay until next time
and Walters toy Sideshow Collectibles
rifle custom or
you know how to be a superhero k ban
will go shop the alter-ego comments that
drinks off while you are
see if you like to you should put a ring
on it cuz if you like that you should
put a ring on don't get a man put a ring
on it
Mandarin Oh totally did you hear that
yeah that's the reason why you haven't
been in my movie
dammit